HOW TO USE THE LOL SHIELD WITH THE ARDUINO

The LoL Shield is a 9x14 grid of individually-addressable LEDs. The one we
have has red LEDs. More information about the LoL Shield can be found at
http://jimmieprodgers.com/kits/lolshield/programlolshield/.

- If you don't have it already, download and install the LoL Shield library.
	- It can be found at https://code.google.com/p/lolshield/.
	  I downloaded v40; there may be a newer version.
	- Install the library. Instructions can be found at
	  http://arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries

- Plug the shield into the arduino (I used an UNO). Be careful not to let the
  bottom of the shield touch the top of the USB port on the arduino, as this
  will short out the shield.

- Open the sketch file in this folder, LoLShieldExample.ino, in your
  Arduino IDE.

- Compile and Upload it to your arduino by pressing ctrl-U or command-U 
  (if you are on a mac). One uploaded, the sketch will run, and will draw
  a rectangle by lighting all the ouside LEDs on the shield.

So how does this work? The sketch uses the library you installed back in
the first. The library is called Charlieplexing. It implements the LedSign
class which provides the basic commands for using the shield. There are
several commands, and we have only used two of them in this sketch:
LedSign::Init() and LedSign::Set().

LedSign::Init() is called at the beginning of the sketch. It initializes the
LoL Shield.

LedSign::Set() turns on or off an LED at a particular location (we only turn
them on in this sketch. It takes three parameters: the X and Y location of the
LED, and a value to which to set the LED, 0 for off or 1 for on. Actually,
there are other values which can be set to vary the brightness, but we aren't
using them in this sketch.

The library provides other commands you can explore:

	LedSign::Clear() - Turns all LEDs on (or off)

	LedSign::Horizontal() - Turns an entire horizontal row of LEDs on or off.

	LedSign::Vertical() - Turns an entire vertical row of LEDs on or off.

There are also commands to vary the brightness of the LEDs, and to buffer
changes.

You may notice that in in LoLShieldExample.ino, we have defines a set() 
function as a wrapper around LedSign::Set(). The set() function can be used
just like LedSign::Set(). In addition to setting the LED on or off, it delays
slightly before every operation so you can see the rectangle draw. Also,
there are two LEDs on our LoL Shield which do not work, and set() knows not
to try to turn them on. These LEDs are not burned out; turning them on does
weird things to the shield. Apparently the wiring on our shield is borked.
For real applications on a working board, just use LedSign::Set().

Many example sketches will have installed when you installed the library.
Look them over for more complex examples of how to use the shield. Also,
look over Charlieplexing.cpp, the library itself. The comments above each
method describe how to use them.
